Resolves #16 (#43)
centaurus-project/centaurus: docs/extensions.md

# Extensions

> 

Reviewer: Extensions mechanism allows creating complex user scenarios, especially in case of customized setups or permissioned networks.

Extension developer's guide:
1. Create new NetCore 3.1 library project in VisualStudio. 
2. Add references to `Centaurus.Domain` and `Centaurus.Common` projects.
3. Implement `IExtension` interface from `Centaurus.Domain` project. 
4. Subscribe to one or more events of `Global.ExtensionsManager` instance.
5. Create an extension configuration file and place the extension dll file to the same folder.
6. Specify the path to the extension config file using `--extensions_config_file_path path-to-config` param while starting Alpha and auditors.

Where is the description of the extension config file format?
Which extension points are supported? Where is a doc for them (description, arguments)?

And please spend time on docs formatting. Quality of docs is more important than the code itself in this case.

# Extensions

Extensions mechanism allows creating complex user scenarios, especially in case of customized setups or permissioned networks.

## Extension developer's guide:

- Create new NetCore 3.1 library project in VisualStudio.
- Add references to Centaurus.Domain and Centaurus.Common projects.
- Implement `IExtension` interface from Centaurus.Domain project.
- Subscribe to one or more [events](#extension-points) of `Global.ExtensionsManager` instance.
- Create an extension [configuration file](#config-file)  and place the extension dll file to the same folder.
- Specify the path to the extension config file using `--extensions_config_file_path path-to-config` param while starting Alpha and auditors.

## Config file

### Config is a json file with only one (for now) property:

- **`extensions`** (`Array<ExtensionItem>`) - Array of extension items.

### Each extension item consists of: 

- **`name`** (`string`) - This is dll name without `dll` extension. The extension engine will look for a library with this name.
- **`isDisabled`** (`bool`) - You can disable extension by setting this property to `true`. Default value is `false`.

> - **`extensionConfig`** (`object`) - Config for the extension. This object will be deserialized as `Dictionary<string, string>` and passed to `IExtension.Init` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`extensionConfig`** (`object`) - Config for the extension – plain string key-value pairs. This object will be deserialized as `Dictionary<string, string>` and passed to `IExtension.Init` method.
```

## Extension points

> All events are executed synchronously within client connection, except `OnBeforeQuantumHandle` and `OnAfterQuantumHandle`. These two events are executed synchronously for whole server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All events are executed synchronously within client connection (not blocking other connections or affecting quantum processing), except `OnBeforeQuantumHandle` and `OnAfterQuantumHandle` – these two events are executed synchronously in the context of the entire quantum processing pipeline.
```

> Events                   | Arguments                                                                              

Reviewer: 👍
